# AWS-ML-Engineer-Capstone-project-Starbucks-predicting-offers
Problem Statement Starbucks, as well as any other company, invests money in marketing campaigns expecting to have a profit higher than the assumed before. So, identifying the most relevant offer to the correct customers is crucial for a successful campaign. However, some targeted customers do not even see the offer sent to them, which may be a problem with the channel chosen. Other ones do not buy anything, despite seeing the offer, what might be a problem with the offer type sent, or maybe that is not a customer to be considered as a target. There are other cases where the customers identify themselves with the offer, which leads them to try new products or spend more money than usual. Those are the situations to be identified and pursued. The problem this project proposes to solve is finding the most appropriate offer for each one of the customers, which means finding the offer that is more likely to lead the customer to buy Starbucks products. In the context of this project, an appropriate offer is that one where the customer sees the offer received and buys products under its influence, completing the offer lifecycle.  Solution Statement In order to face the problem stated above, this project proposes to apply machine learning techniques to study customers' behavior by analyzing the transcriptions of their relationship with Starbucks. More specifically, a neural network will be trained to predict how customers may react when receiving each one of the available offers: if they will complete the offer cycle or not. So, it will be possible to identify which one is more suitable for each customer. Since consumers' behavior is not a feature isolated in the time, the next actions are affected by past experiences. Regarding this time-dependency, this project proposes to build and train a Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) as the central piece of the solution, aiming to analyze the customer behavior through the time. The final result of this project is a direct marketing system that, given a customer, is able to predict the likelihood of each offer be completed
